Molds and Casts (#42)
biometricITC/Fingerprint-Toolbox: FINGERPRINT_Toolbox_Overview.adoc

== Overview
This toolbox contains a description of the process, tools and materials needed to construct and use a selection of fingerprint PAIs. Not all PAIs are described as there is an almost unlimited number when considering variations in materials and methods that can be used.

Fingerprint PAD testing is a combination of fingerprint data acquisition, mold making, cast preparation (the PAI) and PAI presentation to the sensor. 

> A fingerprint mold is the template that is created from the fingerprint that will be attacked. There are many ways to create a mold, such as directly from the finger, or from a scanned fingerprint image that is printed on a PCB. A mold should be able to be reused repeatedly for the purposes of this testing.

Reviewer: I'd like to remove the word "template" since it's commonly used to refer to the collection of bytes that represent extracted fingerprint features. Here's an idea. I don't like "container" either, but I'm struggling to think of a better word now.

```suggestion
A fingerprint mold is a physical container that is created from the fingerprint that will be attacked. There are many ways to create a mold, such as directly from the finger, or from a scanned fingerprint image that is printed on a PCB. A mold should be able to be reused repeatedly for the purposes of this testing.
```

Author: I have made an update with the term "physical master pattern" instead. I don't know if that is really any better.

> A fingerprint mold is the template that is created from the fingerprint that will be attacked. There are many ways to create a mold, such as directly from the finger, or from a scanned fingerprint image that is printed on a PCB. A mold should be able to be reused repeatedly for the purposes of this testing.

Reviewer: More information?

```suggestion
A fingerprint mold is the template that is created from the fingerprint that will be attacked. The mold is a physical negative of the source fingerprint, with ridge valleys formed thicker than ridges. There are many ways to create a mold, such as directly from the finger, or from a scanned fingerprint image that is printed on a PCB. A mold should be able to be reused repeatedly for the purposes of this testing.
```
